Feat/pfe spinner 1 to 1 (#2155)
patternfly/patternfly-elements: .changeset/seven-phones-crash.md

---
"@patternfly/pfe-spinner": minor
"@patternfly/pfe-button": patch
"@patternfly/pfe-tools": patch
---

> Changing from pfe-progress-indicator to pfe-spinner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BREAKING CHANGE:

Renames `<pfe-progress-indicator>` to `<pfe-spinner>` and changes it's HTML and CSS APIs to more closely match PatternFly v4 design specs.

```html
<!-- BEFORE
  <pfe-progress-indicator indeterminate>Loading...</pfe-progress-indicator> -->
<pfe-spinner>Loading...</pfe-spinner> 
```

See [the docs](https://patternflyelements.org/components/spinner/) for more information,
